# Design Philophy
To create a melee agent that plays like a player, we should only be giving the agent information that only a human would have. That means that reading from the opponent's inputs directly would not be allowed. I will also be referring to the agent's output as "inputs" because those are the inputs into the controller and the agent is mimicking player inputs. Another thing we have to address is floating point values. A lot of values in melee such as speed, position, etc. are floating point which poses a very large problem for some networks. To mitigate this, I will be doing either one of two things. I will either make very large groups so that floating point values fit into ranges (ie. grouping by 0-10, 10-20, etc.) or I will not include floating point values in the networks but instead have them be a part of the probability function.

# Bayesian Network
The network is not very complex. There is the information we get from the screen and we just directly connect it to the agent's controller inputs. There are a few things to note though. 

We will be considering the inputs as a whole to be one node. This is because some actions require a combination of inputs (such as wavedashing and rolling needing a direction and L / R trigger press or attacks needing a direction and button). If we have them seperate then a 40% chance of wavedashing would actually have a 40% chance of the correct direction, 40% chance of pressing the trigger meaning an actual 16% chance of wavedashing, which would not be accurate in representing the player. Thus, we will be grouping the inputs as one whole. This has the downside of no unique combinations of inputs, but inputs are limited so its not the biggest deal.

This means that the Bayesian probability we want to solve for is $P(input | E_1, E_2, ..., E_n)$ where $E_1, E_2, ..., E_n$ are the individual and independent environment variables. This is a CPT that we need to calculate for each input possibility and then do the actual input on the frame. The naive way of finding this probability is to simply do $P(input | E_1, E_2, ..., E_n) = \frac{P(input,E_1, E_2, ..., E_n)}{P(E_1, E_2, ..., E_n)}=\frac{P(input,E_1, E_2, ..., E_n)}{\prod_{i=1}^{n}P(E_i)}$ which is equivalent to the number of times we see an input and environment combination each time we are in that environment. However, we cannot do this because the number of times where $E_1, E_2, ..., E_n$ will be $0$ a significant number of times.